SOCIAL
Social Issues Finance: is the first project that unites the cryptocurrency market with universal social issues. It will be made possible through the SOCIAL cryptocurrency. Values generated from transactions will be reverted into donations to entities that promote social welfare. Among the activities benefited are poverty; hunger; homelessness; immigration; civil rights; racial, gender, and sexual orientation discrimination; health care; improvements in education; consequences of wars and conflicts; climate change; deforestation, among others.
Each transaction with SOCIAL will create resources to contribute to the entities and people benefited, our primary goal. For there to be balance and the cryptocurrency to be deflationary, there will be a scheduled burning of tokens. The allocation of tokens is detailed in the cryptocurrency's contract, which creates transparency and credibility. It also gives the cryptocurrency the status of being the first that is exclusively focused on social issues in its contract. Every cryptocurrency investor contributes to the social cause. In this way, all those who own SOCIAL will be agents of social transformation, those who seek a better world.
In addition, SOCIAL cryptocurrency can deliver resources where traditional financial institutions cannot. Through Blockchain technology we have fast, cheap, transparent and secure It is important for the Social Issues Finance Institution to disclose revenues and donations.that reach anywhere in the world, the most remote, in a few minutes. Providing instant donations to regions where money has difficulty reaching. SOCIAL cryptocurrency is extremely valuable in facilitating the flow of funds to citizens and social organizations. It serves to create awareness and interest from the cryptocurrency market for an important global issue.
SOCIAL: the first cryptocurrency that seeks a better world, donating funds to social actions!
